all right so I've been station that the you could cause a pan and Jacksonville
Florida and now Monterey California you could go is just just
like is advertised on TV a Japan is also place it's of but you could
cause about our how have south on the a train from Tokyo of so it
has everything city life suburb life even like country life phone
there was always something to do somewhere to go but the thing there
was having the time to do it of because of the operational demands
placed on the the seagoing vessels so I was amazed in our experience
I've been to all over Tokyo and I was just amazing I even had a tattoo
done in Tokyo on new year's eve if you did is just if you you get
the chance to go out there and experience it I I that's different
say go of Jacksonville arm is a lot like South Florida south Georgia
I'm from Georgia so just like going home who is another amazing experience
it'll definitely somewhere where I personally would like to
settle down all the simple fact of cost of living on close to home closest
to home and just the the simple life you know simple things I
was also ahead how did some time in San Diego as far as training San
Diego is to me is for like young single couples are young single people
who like to live and go and just have fun Senegal's more expensive
what is a lot to do a lot of things to see and it's our closeness
to LA in Mexico and you know you know you can go just about anywhere
on the west coast coming out of San Diego